can anyone hear
me
for for
wait batty can you hear
me okay wait I think I need to make the
thing on thing
public let's see
public that's
here hold on
wait I can change it to the gum pouse no
way okay sorry about that no idea I
think the internet just uh shout out
Comcast for
uh
something
okay hello hopefully uh everyone comes
back I think it was just my
internet we're we're back at it again
with this
uh anyway I will and uh
yeah we were talking about uh
the definition of
uh surprise diamond in the rough no way
rough no wrong wrong sound for
me I think if you were to go far back
enough you could probably find me
like probably like being an [__]
about the concept of of that sort of
identity
St there are diamonds over here did I
miss these the first time I just simply
not see
them
um
cuz like we can all have a productive
conversation here uh
when I was
younger I was like
100% the kind of person who made like
those attack helicopter
jokes and that was even with
like not really understanding my
gender and I think instead of trying to
seek
appropriate ways of dealing with uh with
that it kind of just made my insecurity
everyone else's
problems well a lot of queer people have
queer phobic pasts because that's kind
of how a lot of people have dealt with
being queer and
closeted yeah exactly there is a deep
irony
to making Pony music and making jokes
like that it's like you have to find
some way to get on top of everyone
and it's
ridiculous but
like so many people in the community are
still like that actually though is the
thing
um and they don't see the irony of like
you're a fan of My Little Pony
friendship is
Magic and you feel the need to
just make it all about yourself like
that it's hard cuz like well I've been
there
too part of me is probably a naive part
of
me and not a very informed part makes me
like wonder why why don't you see
it why don't you see it but then it's
like well I didn't see it at one point I
don't know where people are in their
personal lives and Journeys and stuff I
don't know
I know for me there were like tons and
tons of things I was doing with my
characters to explore gender without
explicitly coming on or
anything you could basically find that
as far back as like me starting my
music I think once I began to understand
the
concept of uh gender being a fluid thing
and once I began to understand the
concept that probably what I wanted most
was to be able to choose that for myself
I think you have the state of denial I I
had a state of denial I was like no
that's not going to be me that's not
going to be me I am a child of God etc
etc
funny thing that because uh one of the
things that made me stop but one of the
things that made me uh reckon with
leaving religion first was actually
undertale
so if you trace the line of events
basically my entire life owes itself to
undertale do you think about it
it's kind of hard to explain why
undertale helped me leave
religion but it
did something about just like you
know the lack of it and still finding
purpose and life somewhere in the
underground I'm just see that
struggle there's something very deeply
moving about it
what am I
doing do a favorite undertale character
that changes so
often who is my favorite undertale
character I am a fan of alfies cuz I
kind of just like
her wait I thought Alice was a girl
okay first cartoon
Crush was uh undy for you which is
uh very
reasonable undy is kind of
awesome uh I'd love to get on for
me my first like fictional Crush was I
was like how old was I like
eight seven or eight was
uh medley from Legend of Zelda Wind
Waker I like hyper fix her so much as I
kid it was like very
funny
um I don't have any bread I guess you
know what I think it's time
it is fishing
time we can deny this no
longer let's see if there ones I can hit
first just get those started in the
oven get do started in the oven while I
uh fish the traditional way this
restaurant still makes raw fish the
oldfashioned way and such
and such
wait bad have you only been fishing by
slapping
them oh
how
cruel but I get it
I love fried squid Fred
Kari have I told the raw squid
story have I told the raw squid on
stream
before okay I don't think I've told the
RW squid story on stream um okay so I
love Seafood I really really love
Seafood
but also it tends to make me very
sick I still eat it anyway I don't give
a [__] cuz I'm not like allergic to it
but my stomach just hates
it who [__] cares stop being stop
being a
loser so I don't know why I'm eating the
raw salmon well that's good for the
story actually
so I prefer fish
raw almost any kind of
fish um
um there are some exceptions like ones
where that really is just not an option
things like
shellfish I'm not going to eat raw
shellfish I will eat cooked shellfish
and it is
delicious
but fish fish fishy
fish um I eat raw I always eat raw I
prefer much more
than then fish that is
cooked and at one point I went to a
place and I love I love fried colar I
love fried
squid and
uh I was like I went to this place and
they said you could order raw squid
there it's like holy [__] for
real no
way so I did I ordered raw squid
and let me tell
you let me just tell
you don't do
it it wasn't
alive it was it was like a segment of
raw
squid
um and something I did not realize about
squid when it's
raw is you can't bite through it
it's like imagine having an eraser in
your mouth a really strong thick eraser
and trying to eat that fully was like
the texture of
eating raw
squid and Not only was it
impossible for me to eat
it like reasonably but I did eventually
bite enough to get through it
um worst food poisoning I've ever had in
my entire
life I've feel like I don't even have my
memories from that period of time cuz I
just blacked
out don't [__] do
it don't eat raw
squid um it didn't even taste good and
that's that's the worst part is it even
legal to sell that it is it is legal
I've had
snail but it was
cooked snail is
interesting snail
doesn't eating snail isn't really like
if you've never had it before is is
not exactly how you expect it to
be I thought it was going to be slimy
which is uh I mean I feel like that's
what most people think it's going to be
and I was curious about what flavor it
would
have
snails aren't slimy when they're s
served as food they're sort of dry
actually but then they stop being dry
because the main deal with
snails is when they're
cooked
usually a thing like sauce or cream of
some
sort it's it's like submerged in
that
so and the thing about the taste of
snails is they don't really taste like
anything if you were to eat a snail with
none of the like extra
ingredients it would just taste
like
nothing it just doesn't taste like
anything it has like no flavor it is
just like a texture that you're biting
into and so the thing with snails is
they're kind of like
arus whichever flavor you give it it
becomes that
type whichever uh plate you give
it oh no bad can you hear me
okay stream is [__] up again okay
we're back God what is going
on anyway as I was saying try snail
Sometimes some
sometime it's kind of pleasant yeah RCS
was really mad at me
oh I went down here and there was
nothing
um also yeah I kind of just rely on the
same Minecraft Builds all the time maybe
I should like spice things up a little
bit
you know what else I love I love
Lobster which may make me sound kind of
like a
loser because in a way there's not
really much to
Lobster
but I like lobster I like its texture
it's gritty and uh
bunched it's uh
nice thoughts on shrimp shrimp is
good shrimp can be really good but you
had to do it right scallops are my
favorite Seafood I was going to get to
that actually scals are my favorite
Seafood partially cuz they're so neutral
they just soak up whatever you put in
it and it's just like a lot of like
flavors that are placed
in so it can be really really
pungent slash
positive it does sort of have a gummy
texture um I don't I I have not tried
horse meat and I don't think I'm going
to
yes I put the lobsters in I put lobsters
in all the
CDs all the people who ordered Girl sare
wizard CS are also going to get uh the
lobster I think there was also one
person who thing I packed who may have
like not gotten a sticker so uh cuz I
remember I was packing them I was
like one one is left on my
bed it did not get in the
envelope what game is this Adam I don't
know it's really a mystery
should I put like Mythic Mythic rewards
in like the CD purchases
like one in 100 chance to get like a
piece of tissue paper I use for like my
barbecue
sauce okay imagine like there's like
three people who would be really excited
for that and everyone would just be
disgusted otherwise
whenever I'm packing stuff I like do a
lot of thorough uh like hoof washing and
like um
disinfectant so like the idea of
uh just somehow barbecue sauce napkin
getting slipped in there with my
cleaning regimen is just a funny
idea I could do everything to pres
prevent someone getting a disease but I
couldn't prevent them from receiving
barbecue sauce
napkin don't be
disgusting just don't be
disgusting I don't know why that that
that sentence is really like mentally
affecting me it's like you [__] [__]
don't be [__] disgusting just stop it
it's like what did I do I don't know
just [__] stop it just enough no
more no it's just it's just really
funny you [__]
[__] how dare you be disgusting I don't
know wait I thought I had way more
torches than this
what the
freck what the
flip this [__] map is
cursed I do have my oh thank
you it's supposed to automatically
replace the Torches in my off hand but
like since it was in my hot
bar it it doesn't want to take anything
from my hot bar
so someone's like whenever I'm going
through these I'm it's I'm like I'm
playing
packman but it's like I'm trying to make
sure I'm maintaining some semblance of
where I
am a
that's really nice
I don't really know what I'm looking for
my objective was just to build a bridge
I feel like I'm going
to Parry the Platypus subplot with how
far I've like just not built a bridge
does anyone never mind no I'm going to
say it no that's fine
no no I will say
it no wait let me think about this for a
second yeah okay does anyone know if Dr
doofen has like cunon Ser
in baddy please don't yell at
me no please don't
minging nice
again I got I got to make sure it's on
TI I don't know
like
like all I'm asking that this is a very
simp Le a very simple question and a
very reasonable
one
like is it the worst possible
desire to be
like
listen now no one giving me any funny
looks but it's like do oen
schur I could I could
like
I think that doin schz can
like sort
of okay
listen it's not a big
deal it's not it's not a big deal but
like I I do you does anyone know if I'm
like like w anator
material for doofen SMS it's just a
question like he's kind of a bad
like but like
actually actual baddy don't say that to
me you're nons speechless you just said
something like think about
it I
if if I was like
hey I really miss
like having a Pizza Hut within five
blocks of me he's like don't even
[__] worry about it like just shut up
just don't worry about it just stop
talking it's here now I just built
one
like [__]
man he's kind of crazy
where am I I need to get out of
here no I'm not going to fix him he
needs to be exactly the way he
is you have you're saying words right
now you guys you all of you think you're
better than
me why do all of you think you're better
than
[Music]
me something something the Family Guy
image what does the Family Guy image why
didn't it's
like the first one is like why do none
of them look like they give a [__] but
then they edit it so it's like why do
all of them like actually give a [__] I
don't feel like I'm hallucina I'm not
saying
anything how did we go from barbecue to
wife anator yeah I would make him worse
that's that would be my goal like oh
this that was awesome dude but like you
could you could kick this up a notch I
think
I haven't understood a single sentence
I've said in the last three minutes
either world world isn't healing today I
guess you guys are so mean to me I'm I'm
true the [__] clay just punched me
for saying what I
said [__] Minecraft is mad at me
who
normal guys should I put Ming on my uh
iron shovel
sorry for some reason now I'm thinking
about high school again
uh for most of high
school I had like no friends in middle
school at
all except for Pedro so when I got to
high school was like a surprise that I
actually was able to make friends
there that is to say a lot of the
friends I made were were like kind of
very similar to me just in
general for one reason or
another and so I one say it was the most
diverse friend friend group like we're
all very similar in our interests in our
like just our ways of
being
but those those people did not entail
the sporty type they did not
entail the
athletic
type and our school was an athletic
school so most of the people there were
athletic it was a weird place for me to
be cuz I I wasn't there for
that
regardless
um a lot of the people who are like you
know the athletic type they kind of
either ignored me most of the time like
didn't even really acknowledge my
existence or would otherwise like kind
of I wouldn't say bully me cuz it really
wasn't that deep but they were just kind
of like weird at me and like kind of uh
antagonizing me for fun but it really
wasn't that serious not nearly compared
to other times in my life like high
school was relatively chill
but then at some
point my music started getting around
school and I tried very hard to
like keep that [__] to
myself like I didn't I didn't I didn't
go around like showing people my music
or anything like I just I just did my
own
thing
and uh it got around about my music and
like the viop pony project and
stuff what the [__] you're being
invaded you
good this is a nice house actually I
like the the mix of
woods
okay I don't hate it it's nice
okay there we go
um and so when my when my music started
getting around at school people started
being very different towards
me and a lot of the athletic
people started talking to me and it was
weird because I'm just going to have a
million 13 desks it was weird
because they didn't care about me in the
sense that
they liked me as a person but they saw
me as having some sort of like
status and purely because of that some
of them just like started trying to talk
to me you're like hey heard you make
beats can I hear some like yeah sure
I'll play them then they're like damn
you're so
good and then they don't know what else
to
do like they'll just they'll just do
that and I'll just like like
okaye and they'll keep trying to do it
like over and over again like they they
they they they didn't know how to do
anything else and at one point I'm just
like you know
what to all these
people to all these people every time
every time they start doing that now I'm
just going to like start asking if kiss
or
something just like just like try and
try and see how how willing they are to
interact with
me and that got them to stop talking to
me which is
nice like they like hey I heard you
making P like I do you want to
kiss like some guy named Cole some guy
named Cole in like his uh what the [__]
what the [__] do those people wear some
guy named Cole in like Colombia fleece
zipup slicked back hair and like brown
moccasins come up to be like heard you
make like yeah you want to kiss Cole
let's do it right here right now in the
middle of California
history that got them to
stop cuz they didn't understand how to
deal with
that and I would have done it
too that's that's that's the scariest
part for them is that it wasn't an empty
threat
what would you do if they said yeah I
would do
it why would I say that I not mean
it I I keep forgetting I need to do
preparation before I do anything
this is the Steam
Pocket BRP
bro wait can I tell the I should tell
the Dylan story I got to tell the Dylan
story I got to tell the Dyan
story hold
up I'm GNA tell the Dylan story
this this is one of my favorite things
ever this is like one of my favorite
personal stories
ever let's tell the Dylan story let me
get the Dylan photo up let me get the
Dylan photo
up let's get the Dyan photo
up should I get the higher quality
version or the lower quality I mean
we're we're
here we're here
I'll just get the higher quality version
might take a few more minutes than
necessary few more minutes
then for some reason my hard drives are
not showing up in my sidebar but they
are in my desktop how
peculiar
okay am I going to do a
slideshow show photos from my I love I
always love going through photos in my
life cuz I I take [__] tons of photos of
things would have been in high school
would have been like 2015 I think okay
it would have been like a would it have
been though
actually oh
damn that's a
question
uh let's see if I can
okay I'm going to find the nonh
highquality version of the photo I'm
thinking of and then I'm going to use
that date to cross reference where it
might be this is what I do all the
time let me put chat over here
temporarily so I can see
everything so like the reason Dylan as a
word is one of my stems is it's it goes
all the way back to
the Dylan from high
school come on
now I don't know long how long it will
take to get to this image and I hope
that things don't freeze up because
sometimes when I'm
scrolling this far it tends to freeze up
but we can do
this and I swear to God it's going to be
in the place I'm looking it better be
I'm going to
cry I would try and start telling the
story while I'm looking for the photo
but my multitasking skills are not very
good as we all know
we're on our way we're on our
way I think this is a great
story oh there's something uh Starbucks
switch to tickets for their
coffee for their names a long time ago
and in these photos you'll see that I
I'll have like coffee cups with the word
vi or Violet on
them but this is by the time they had
switched the
tickets like they didn't [__] write
names on the cups physically so like you
could immediately tell it I WR I wrote
it there myself instead
of instead of it just naturally being
there it's kind of funny
okay I'm approaching the uh image in
question I
think I should be there it is okay
what's the date on this September
okay so where would that
be oh I might have lost that photo
yeah it's potentially let's see
do I
have okay it's a good thing I I I have
this documented on
uh on here so cuz I would have lost it
otherwise
okay let's open this
up close this go here and here we are so
wait one second
actually um okay there we go so when I
was in high
school there was this
person uh who also has like a nonzero
chance of seeing the
stream uh and uh I hope that's not the
case
um cuz he didn't know this
[__] uh I had I had a crush on this kid
named Dylan in my high
school
and they never knew that like ever which
is like I'm like I hope they're not
seeing this stream because this is not
for
them we're we're past that now I think
but
uh I was always
like fascinated with their with their
way of being he was very very
interesting person
um mannerisms were strange but I I
thought the way he talked was like
really
fun
um and uh so I just had this like this
crush it was like not not enormous but
it was just something that
existed
and I kind of always felt like blushed
when he was like around and he was just
he was just like being as normal self he
would have no idea that was this was
happening in my
brain
um
and at one
point the word started getting around
that I was into My Little
Pony um and you might think oh no
Catholic College Prep High
School oh no that's not good
but miraculously
somehow I don't know how this happened
but when word got around that I liked My
Little
Pony nothing bad happened everyone was
just like oh that's chill that's cool
like what this [__]
crazy I've had a hard time all my life
for other [__] like I come to high
school and everyone's like so chill it's
like okay sure
nice I don't know how the [__] that
happened I'm going to be completely
honest with you
I'm very grateful for it though even
even like the even like the Athletic
kids I remember there's one one guy who
was like on the football
team and that was just like asking oh
you like my opponent like yeah it's like
oh that's chill that's cool I could tell
he's not being sarcastic because i' I've
heard how sarcastic that person could be
sometimes I like okay this this D
serious so that said it just became like
an open thing that people just knew I
was into My Little Pony that was chill
no
problems
um
but Dylan went one step further because
Dylan um was able to look through my
social
media and uh we became mutuals and uh I
didn't hide like my My Little Pony life
from anyone I was very open about it and
so
Dylan began to understand like you know
who I was what I did that I made My
Little Pony music that I had
characters and that was a
thing and I swear to God to this day I
have no idea why this
happened
but
I
I often would sit in one of the hallways
of our of our school and just work on
stuff now when this happen and it was
before I had a laptop so I wasn't
working on music when I had a laptop I
would I would work on music in the
hallways and stuff but this was before I
had a laptop so I was probably
like just going through other other
things CU I was using an iPad at that
time so I was just in the hallway I was
just doing my
thing and Dyan comes up to me and
already because I had this Crush I was
just like okay this is already a lot for
me how's it going buddy
and he like he he could have sat
anywhere and done anything anywhere
somehow but he chooses to like sit down
next to me and get right up next to
me he's like how's it going I'm like I'm
fine how are
you he like I in the most solemn voice
he could manage he
said I have to show you something
what do you what do you have to show me
Dylan what is it I would love to
know he opens this like his like 13in
MacBook
Air and already prepared on his screen
already
prepared already prepared on his screen
in full screen well not full screen but
like almost full
screen he just he shows me
this he put He put my OC's
head on
Ara
what why
what does this
mean and
and I was
like Wow Dylan that's so
cool that's so cool
D and like can you send me that later
he's like yeah had no worries I'll put
it through
Instagram
and and then he then he closed his
laptop and
left we we didn't talk for the rest of
the
day he he just closes like he's like I
have to show you something okay what is
it it's this oh that's nice cool Clos
his laptop and leaves what the [__] did
that
mean what
happens like not only do I I still to
this is 10 years later by the
way this is 10 years later I I don't
know what
um I don't I don't I don't know what it
meant
but that's not even the most perplexing
part it's just why is this the only why
did you have this ready
I didn't like talk to him a lot about
like you know directly about my OC or
about My Little Pony or anything just he
just like did this on his own
accord I I don't think he was I I I
think he's just like that I think he was
just like
that just that this is is just one of my
favorite personal stories ever cuz like
it's so full of Mystery
it it we I I don't think I don't think
it was foring I genuinely don't think it
was just like what the
[__] I I think he was just like that
he's he was he was a [__] posting
type it's just something he
did just
[Music]
like why
Ariel I mean I got it but like what D
this opinion what dve this
thought I need you to also understand
this is like before I was out with my
gender so that that was also kind of
like
a that was that was also a daisy for
me
anyway so ever since high school
I've just had this like fixation on the
name Dylan it's just a a funny name to
me yeah Dylan was chill Dylan was
chilling just one of my favorite stories
it's very
good two mending books one silk touch
one feather
falling like I got to get a house
soon actually I could start that
technically but I don't know if I want
to
but but
here iPhone
this is a peculiar
activity Bellow
bro I think I'll try and start on
this guys you don't have to announce
your dead names in chat Noone no one
would know
it's not it's not something you have to
do or even uh want to
do you're you you're you privacy is
welcome
oh man I forgot my [__] uh credit
card information was like
7641 space
2398 like you know [__] like that crazy
I didn't even say the whole
thing wow we're credit card twinsies do
we have credit card neighbors is that a
thing it ought to
be actually this would look much better
as a log I think
coffee Critter congrats on getting a job
I hope it's in coffee is a is it a
coffee
job if it does we we're coffee twins
sort
of I mean me no longer
but packing mails so dope
packing meal is sick
nasty SL positive
wait I'm I'm I'm having a
thought baddy this is specifically for
you but I'm also addressing all
chat um I'm thinking in my head like I
feel like Cadence arya's hat is the type
of person to be like you know there
people on Twitter who
someone will announce something
extremely tragic like like they they'll
announce something extremely tragic like
the death of a family member or a cat
and someone will just like send like a
sending virtual
hug it's like I don't think that's
helping very much I don't think that's
helping very much
um I feel like Cadence would do that but
like on purpose like purposefully to to
just be like I don't give a
[__] no it's like genuinely so so funny
someone will actually say something like
extremely tragic and then someone will
just be like sending virtual hug like I
don't I don't I don't know if that
helps I don't know if that's very
helpful thank you
what Twilight do
that that's a good
question coffee crter you can do virtual
Huds that's
okay it is better than that's rough
bunny very
true my other favorite thing is like
when someone will like say something
like extremely like horrid and and like
atrocious like borderline like human
rights violation and someone will just
say what can I say but
yikes like you just witnessed a murder
and a that's your current
sentiment it'll be like a news story oh
person kills like five people and
someone on Twitter will respond with
like
yikes [__] the internet's so [__]
weird do people do this in real life I
hope
so is my bridge goated or
ruinous I think it's bordering on
ruinous
I don't know about it you know I just
say
[__] big big ass [__]
Bridge big ass
Bridge oh my God all of
my was born
I love saying my bad [__] I have
absolutely nothing to deal with you you
get me that's that's my [__] you you get
me am I absolutely a broken record
saying this but like one of my favorite
things is just saying okay just that's
just like just nothing
else it's just like the funniest thing
to me I don't know why just okay all
lowercase no no no punctuation
I don't know why it's just so [__]
funny to
me my favorite thing is responding okay
to a question
like hey did you go to the baseball game
yesterday
okay like I love that
I don't know why no k k is too passive
aggressive that that one's too passive
aggressive doesn't have the same
feel it's just
like hey what did you what did you think
of the new episode of like goober Racers
last night just like okay like okay
what yep
like that's my that's my that's my
favorite
ship it has to be okay just the letter
is all lowercase no spaces no
punctuation it's very very
specific oh J oh you you tried I
appreciate
it uh I need stick stones will break my
bones and more sticks and more stones
are being thrown at me I a bad comedian
in the
1730s I don't think I say things
sometimes
this is definitely
ruinous I think the other part of my he
is like saying something that is
extremely extremely like factually
incorrect but saying it with like as
Bland and as confidently as
possible and just not indicating
whatsoever that I'm
joking like I love that
seagull are born with wheels so I think
that's something to pay attention to
coconut trees are
mammals this is such a
ruinous I don't know what I'm
saying py
why must you torment me
so good
morning this is I I'm kind of mad about
this bridge it does need to have more
steps what how do we how okay
wait it can it be
this can this help
slightly
slightly place the top stairs with slabs
yeah probably
hey you turned the wrong way you
betrayed me
I don't have enough stairs for this okay
let's
do do I have to CHP all these
down maybe these ones so after we get
the stair one two three and then fourth
stripped log stripped Spruce logs to the
pathway is not a bad
idea there a dolphin why am I swimming
so
fast I'm hallucinating that's okay
guys I think most things need more
glitter right let's go one two three
four
I to get
[Music]
more yay
microplastics unfort yeah okay another
unfortunately another thing I really
like is just saying something that's
like slightly cruel and phrasing it like
it's a normal sentiment today today I
tweeted happy National lock your dog in
a hot car for 5 hours hours
day I don't know why that's funny to
me but it
is it's like I I think it's funny to me
CU it's like why the [__] would you say
that like why what would be the point of
saying that what's wrong with you I
think that's like why it's funny to me
it's like what who the [__] would say
that like actually
the water's beating me
again my swimming animation isn't
happening on your
screen yes it is
wait
no okay there's that and then we need
let's just
do you know what maybe that's not such
you know you know what maybe that's not
such a bad
thing maybe these will be useful let's
find out
don't it's like this function doesn't
actually ever help
me cuz I don't carry multiples of the
same
tool oh stop crying stop
crying so Rudd
okay have a good BRB again
bro
whatever row it
up start rowing
up I stopped understanding The Violet
lore after the arrival of
scrubby I'm going to be completely real
with you
sby really concerned
me you [__] heard me
now here's the
question do I replace the with strip
logs here like right here or do I do
that over on this
side probably the
ladder probably the ladder
better stripped
planks no no no
no
no and my other question is do I start
it from the top here like over here or
do I cut down the
first do I cut down the first the first
of these logs and then lay it
sideways rope Bridge actually I forgot
we can do uh chains and stuff like
that I think I'll do it this way
upside downstairs instead of fences yeah
um I like the fence look though that's
for
sure makes it look drafty
you
villain how do I like my eggs
scrambled because uh any other texture
ruins it for me
my computer doesn't make
noise it's
silent
um really wish I had aqua affinity
that's
something that is
something what wait what was it doing
that with the shovel I didn't see it
until just at the very end
B do I like my water with or without
salt um I'm a
fish I prefer my wow I was about to say
I prefer my water with Sal obviously
but
um I forgot
freshwater fish exist
here's the thing the this is a very
strange I feel like this is a strange
sentiment but bear with me um I've
always wanted to be able to identify
fish and and birds and stuff from each
other be able to be like oh that's a
[__] goober crusted
Dingle flop and be able to like know
that [__] but it feels really
intimidating I don't even know where to
start with that
I actually have some books about uh like
fish species but I just haven't read
them maybe I should just
read didn't I just see a big ass Spruce
or am I halling in no that's one right
no they're just like clumping together
in my brain I'll go to the tiger area
just I feel
like being able to identify like animal
species should be intrinsic to our
experience but it just isn't for one
reason or another we don't have as many
nature skills as we used to and I'm like
not the kind of person who's like ah you
have to know how to camp and like do all
that [__] or else you're not a real
person but at the same time it just like
yeah we really kind of like the average
person really just doesn't know
anything not going to
lie that's me included like I'm I'm
including myself on the definition I'm a
[__]
idiot and I don't want to
be we live in a world and uh here I am
playing with the pixels of a world
instead of a touching Lake
I don't think I need this many stripped
logs anymore
but here we
are my favorite Minecraft biome is a
spruce
Forest so
first year of high school or first year
of uh
uni either way the answer is just part
of
it
okay I miss College dude I'm thinking
about going back to college just for
like a class or
two are you going to cry at me little
axe you axhole oh my goodness
gracious I don't really like the Birch
Forest I want to go and take like a
college class I just don't know what it
would
be and also it's money
yeah I've been in language classes
before the last class I was in for
language was Arabic Modern Standard
Arabic 2018
okay I could have just built another axe
but I didn't feel like
it I really wanted to get more into
Arabic but I had an evil teacher that
year for English
I would yeah I would have loved to gone
further in my
Arabic it's probably the most fun any
language has ever been for me but it was
also the hardest so I didn't retain too
much
the items go green because of the mod
I'm using which highlights similar items
it's a sorting
feature I have a lot of like information
processing issues so even just subtle
feedback like that helps me a
lot the worst is
verbal like you guys think I'm like uh
my attention span is bad now just like
get me in a room talking with someone
and then you'll see how how bad my
attention span actually
is it feels like a threat and it kind of
is
this is really a big bridge for what
this
is is looking less ruinous thank you so
much
no I don't I don't think that would help
I think that would just over stimulate
me it helps me read
though I forgot I was going to review
the uh the book again for Monarch today
and I didn't cuz I was at Porter
rhubarb's House
I guess that's another thing of my humor
is just vaguely referencing something
true but calling it something wrong cuz
I
said Porter rhubarb instead of Porter
Robinson and just like being fully
confident in that information just being
fully confident that's his name
consider streaming Sonic Advanced 3
sometime question
mark is a what I'll say
like the the information like my brain
does this autoc conversion where it's
like okay I went to the port of Robinson
concert how do I say that like
technically correctly but also like
incorrectly entirely it's like I didn't
go to the portter Robinson concert I
went to I went to Robert rubar Rub
rhubarb's House
like if you wonder how I come up with
just the stupidest [__] ever it's
because my brain will do these
conversions
constantly I feel like that's normal on
a small scale but it might be a little
bit like like a disease for me
particularly oh yeah I I fumble every
sentence I ever say sort
of yeah this
is actually there's a way we
can oh n actually that's
fine that looks kind of chill a support
beam of some
sort you know why words are hard because
we keep developing as a species faster
than Evolution can allow us to catch
up complex speech patterns that have
Arisen are just too advanced for our
tiny
brains lots of other animals have a
handle on it let's talk about
birds birds Dolphins
elephants they kind of technically speak
better than we do more efficiently
probably more
interestingly okay let's let's test this
out
yeah I've heard about the Orca
thing I don't mean to say this as like a
sentiment of
like I don't know futurist New Age
something but I I think life would be
better for everyone if humans did not
just assume themselves to be
intellectually
Superior like just
just just admit that living things all
have very complex ways of
being and just because you're not smart
enough to interpret what they're doing
and saying does not mean that we're
actually all that much more
interesting child trap to the base of
the bridge yeah I was thinking that too
I have to make a lot of them
we're like trying hard with this bridge
for no
reason now a lot of times when people
say stuff like that it's also to like
specifically devalue protecting humans
which is like
that's by our very nature we are we are
forced to Value
humans in a special way
I don't think we can undo that
mentally
but we have to try our best to
like just be
reasonable making DB steps as impressive
as making m [__] make a nest though
like that's the thing have anyone try
and make a nest and they're not going to
[__] do
it it's like if Birds could speak
English or whatever language you speak
they would probably like damn you
[__] suck at making nests like you're
you're completely useless to us that
would be a totally valid sentiment let's
be completely
honest the things we care about in value
are not going to be the same things that
other animals care
about try moving the logs at the front
of the
bridge front as
in oh front is in
here front do in
here front front oh like these
ones these ones
here
or these ones here or okay let's start
these ones
the right I thought we had pretty good
nests I hate to break it to you have you
ever heard of homelessness
you got to think about this for a second
it's insane right homelessness genuinely
is an artificial
results of
civilization
because you know you could easily go out
and make your own house you could easily
go out and uh plant your own crops you
could easily go out and do everything by
yourself if you wanted
to uh long time ago that was just a
thing a lot of people
did and now you need a permit for all
that you need to own the land to do all
that who owns the land the government
who owns the other land
billionaires
quarters hold
on I think the bridge looks actually uh
better without
those it looks different without them
but I don't think it looks more
us here's the thing also taxes wouldn't
be as much of a pain if they were used
for something
productive and I'm not talking about
that like oh my God why should my taxes
pay for another kid's food I mean you
know what that should be what's
happening people are like why should my
taxes go to another person because
that's how Community Works [__]
you absolute buffoon why am I paying for
another kid's College tuition because
we're all trying to survive together are
you [__]
stupid the world doesn't revolve around
you
Margaret but that's not what I'm talking
about cuz our taxes don't go to doing
that [__] all the
time instead our taxes are going towards
uh funding a genocide which everyone
pretty much unanimously speaks out
against isn't that
crazy the majority of Americans see a
genocide in Palestine the majority of
Americans oppose the genocide in
Palestine I it's just a fact it's not
really an opinion it's just every Mo
most
Americans are able to see it for what it
is
the last one of more recent polls was
like what 70% of
Americans and what is what is the
administration doing with our tax
dollars but giving
Israel the means to do that even
more taxes isn't the worst idea in the
world we we all pitch in so that we can
all have community so that we can all
have a safety
net but does it get used for them
no it gets used to build Highway number
three trillion instead of a train system
because gets used to build 500
like jet planes that are going to go
like do genocide in the Middle
[Music]
East and then those uh the rest of the
tax dollars are going to go towards
building infrastructure for rich
people like yeah
one more Lane guys one more [__]
Lane we had like this train [__] figured
out a century and a half
[Music]
ago like what wasn't wasn't wasn't one
of America's great claims to
industrialization it's like robust train
system and now look at
it it's
garbage I mean well can I really call it
garbage doesn't [__] exist to begin
with wait do I really need
more okay I was rooming logs and then
what oh I was building fences for the
lamps we when Elon musker invented
Subway before rich people can I just
tell you I've had to sit in Teslas a lot
the past couple of months cuz I've been
using Uber more God they are so [__]
ugly and
inconvenient why are they so big for for
what they're so
ugly I'm not even a car person but like
I can tell that shit's [__]
ugly it's
disgusting I'd rather Lego build a car
probably run better proba be more
efficient add a Red Dot site yeah talk
about American [__]
I think that there's there's an issue I
have where I like mildly enjoy first
person shoer
games but in order to admit that you
also have to admit that you play in a
community of people who are just gun
nuts and I understand interest in guns
and
such they there is a recreation to them
and a sport to them Beyond killing
random animals and Beyond killing
people there there is something
interesting about them like I I
understand
that but
like it it's kind of very
unproductive where were where were the
gun nuts uh during like any of the
attacks on
drump I guess I'm thinking of like
Counterstrike players unfortunately
specifically cuz I've been in in lobbies
with the so many people like that in
Counter Strike
specifically maybe if I was playing like
Call of Duty or something more wouldn't
be the
case is this
math 1 two 1 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 what
does this not look right to
me I definitely think a lot of
Counterstrike players are gun nuts also
they're
weird the wild west of America back in
the day what when
[__] white people were killing Native
Americans
that that wild
west Manifest Destiny etc etc
etc CR is good
I think I feel like I feel like uh being
a quake play player is a a green flag
rather than a red flag when it comes to
fpss it's about Will Smith and funny hat
I mean it's kind of about
both how are you doing that
you're you're
tweaking you're off the goop my
friend
yes you're absolutely fent in right
now what does this mean baddy please go
look at at my stream I need you to see
what I
see guys it's
okay they smoked the ultimate packed B
use those it B prouns by the
way I also don't personally use they
them
anymore I see people using them it's
like Antiquated
information Dexter shout out to be bat
bat's user
there's another bat in chat
B you have to use your uh super your
hyper what is the word sub okay help me
help
me what what what what what is what is
the Sonic something the PS
use echolocation thank you thank you
cool
tree
Wait f cool
tree i' like I I've seen you in chat
several times today but now I'm just
like what what is
your wait I went to your I clicked on
your your your YouTube account and it
just brought me to the
homepage it it doesn't want me to see
you
what's going
on when I when I click go to channel it
just brings me to the YouTube
homepage what's
happening are you
real cool
tree hly I get it no I get it I f
up I think if I could like just
prevent anyone from perceiving me when I
don't want them to I would actually go
outside
more oh
[__] a [__] my Morpheus meter is going
off more Violet Pony education humor
education I just quote Dunkey too much
I'm being a mermaid just like uh Dylan
predicted shout out
Dylan it does look off cuz it's not
curved
enough I'm a little lazy now
though I feel like there's a way we
could do it
but actually I have an idea I'm curious
about how this luy if I just put like
right underneath
this starts right at the edge
there oh that's how we do it like this
check this out
Let's uh
something that's
better I need more stairs
though I could have just used normal
blocks for that but whatever it needs
more of an arch yeah it does but I need
things to pass under it and uh it's
getting really low with that
structure so I'll just keep it like
that wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait a second can we do this where
we
take this and then this
that looks kind of
cool not not brilliant but it looks kind
of
cool I wasn't going to talk about it too
much but I I might as well uh Porter
Robinson's like one of the most
important artists of my entire life
and like I've actually never seen him in
concert until
tonight and
uh I think I cried three times and the
latter two times my face was [__]
soaked cuz I was just sobbing like a
little
[__]
um
and I I it's kind of insane to say that
like
I first heard P Robinson in
and one of my favorite songs to this day
is still one of my favorite songs is the
song language I think it's like one of
the few EDM songs of that variety that
are just sincerely perfect like you
can't improve it no matter what you do
there is just no way to physically
improve that
song it's it's like so emotive and so
brilliant
and I feel like I've waited 12 years to
hear that song
live and like I lightly forgot that it
was
coming I I I very slightly forgot that
it was going to
happen and when I God I'm going to
[__] start stoping just thing about
it I when I heard the those opening
cords I like actually heard this like
just utterance come out of my like my
like I made the
sound uh with my voice and it was
completely unintentional like I wasn't
trying to do it it just this like this
like strange like canine
wine like a hurt
dog a dog with a hurt leg just a strange
wine erupted from my mouth I didn't even
intend it and I felt my body collapse
and I just started sobbing my stupid
[__] face
off um and like I heard those cords it's
like this is like my I feel like 12
years of my life have led to being able
to just hear this one song right
now oh my God and like the language
music video makes me stupid emotional
cuz it's like so cheesy and like so Twee
but also in doing that it's genuinely so
gorgeous it's it's just I don't [__]
know
dude every time I think I'm like H I
think I'm like kind of growing out of
Porto Robinson something happens I was
just like no no no no he's doing it he's
doing it again he's he's hurting me
again
I feel like I'm going to do the insane
thing and make a
trillion trap
doors I don't need these anymore
but language was a song that showed
me how how you could actually create
something like
emotionally emotionally
arresting in an EDM
format cuz there are songs like Clarity
which are like really beautiful and
really emotional but they it's not like
prolific which is fine it doesn't have
to be like that's totally
fine
but
language is so much more than just a an
uplifting dance song it's just
like one of those few sounds that is
just transcendental beyond words in that
format and I feel like for the rest of
my life it's going to be one of the most
important songs
ever I don't think that's ever going to
change
it's been 12 years and it's only
stronger than it used to
be someone asked earlier want to answer
my P Robinson questions here um favorite
song off of Worlds it it changes from
time to time I think right now I would
say my favorite song from Worlds is
Divinity I had a period of time cuz
obviously worlds is one of the most
important elements in my entire life but
I feel like I got really self-conscious
by the way people talked about it that
for a while I felt that I wasn't as
interested in it
anymore and I was just like I'm I'm
listening to more interesting stuff and
more like actually good stuff now I feel
like I had that period where I was
rejecting how much that album meant to
me and then once I broke that phase I
heard worlds again I was like this is
still the most important thing of all
time
like actually crying
now it's like still the most like
important [__] of all
time so
beautiful
um do I like smile uh after after seeing
uh worlds that's praise just now um yeah
I actually I think smile is my favorite
Porto Robins
off I think smile is my favorite Porto
Robinson off
I don't I don't say that lightly
either I feel like some people might be
like what the [__] at me for that
but like worlds was a
statement nurture was
Rehabilitation and then smile is
just an explosive Victory lap of music
like [__] how how could that one not be
my
favorite and also I think Porter
Robinson what what did you do
wait thank you I don't know if I need
these but maybe I can find a way to
implement
them actually
what the [__] no no no
no oh Sakura
burst I love Sakura
burst um you know what interesting
is I say this with a heart full of love
and not like as a Critic ISM I hope you
understand um Sakura burst was one of
those projects that was like clearly
Porter Robinson
derivative and there were a lot of those
on Soundcloud I mean I was one of them
let's be
real I I was a I was a p Robinson
derivative
um but soccer burst in particular had a
lot more to say than just inspiration by
Porter
Robinson uh the album
uh oh man uh oh why am I forgetting out
hey can you tell me what the uh the the
debut was called by sacur
burst that's not the Alias name anymore
right and
also uses she her pronouns am I correct
and that I don't remember please correct
me why am I forgetting the name of that
album I shouldn't I really love it it's
the one with data data corruption
Symphony yeah Sil Silver S
silver what the [__] why am I forgetting
it's going to [__] kill me oh
deconstructing
nature I I I know you do not have to
believe me but I said it before you said
the
message there's a chat delay so you
could easily not believe me and that's
fine but for the record on my end I
remembered it just before you sent
it
um there were CDs of that I'm [__]
ending it all I'm not going to
lie I wonder if it's on
discogs this doesn't look too bad
actually
no oh my God how do I even okay
s pain pain of my life thank you
was that the song floating through
Atlantis as well was on that album like
such a beautiful garage
track guys I think this bridge is kind
of reasonable and not
ruinous it's a pretty Bridge it's not
curvy but it's rigid and it's
embellished I think that's a good that's
good not ruinous IMO this is like
[__] uh 1700s Twitter right now
[Music]
like guys do you do you does anyone know
if we reap what we sew
tomorrow [__] Creek FL ass
[Music]
[__] hold on see you've got me
interested now I'm
like bad G good
you got me interested I have I have to
see if there's a soccer stuff on
this cuz I might get some of that [__]
if I'm not
[Music]
careful nope I didn't think
so I didn't think so
[Music]
seeing Violet Pony is not a jump scare
it's my stupid
child yeah shadan was on the the one
with the Game of Thrones sample I
think I'm I'm nocturnal
it's really nice to say like crack baby
with such an endearing
tone you want to make Carousel sound
better by making it
worse technically you could create a
tape Loop right throw Carousel onto a
tape Loop and then it
Loops I don't think the tape's long
enough for that
though okay we made a nice ass Bridge
that's mission
accomplished that's fishing
accomplished was not that comment from
earlier of just uh guys my bridge is so
ruinous and my cooked is like actually
[__] stuck in my head right
now just like words no one says but
we've we've now said it we made history
by saying [__] like this
I feel like I'm just talking about my
day now but at the concert as well I
tried out some new earplugs cuz I always
wear earplugs for
everything uh protect your ears and [__]
but also things just sound
better but at the same time uh a lot of
the earplugs I've used over the years
have just made things kind of sound
muffled
and I finally got like just a pair of
like modern earplugs that have like kind
of earbud shapes like [__] it makes all
the
difference I was like surprised how well
it
worked the three ringed ones no they're
not that
I don't want to go back to the slush
cave I want to go somewhere
new I'm just going to run east who
cares I'm going to turn off Journey map
way points so we can just just just roam
just
wander are you are you trying to come
with me
buddy okay
you can always TP to me I'm building a a
boat hello
B cuz I just built a boat
and your name is
baddy you're bow
dead something you're allowed to do is
press J for Journey map
oh yeah wait I can force chat to look at
my face my camera's not going to work
for that but I can at least put the the
tweet in front of everyone hold on
bdy defend me with your
life I took this picture with uh not me
cuz the lighting was so extremely
blue the ACT there's no filters on this
this is actually just the actual
lighting they had in between
sets and then when I posted this to
Twitter cuz this is this is a picture I
took but when I posted to Twitter it
just had this like it had this like
ruinous crop
why my hair lying kind of like an
egg got to got to crack that [__]
open let look here yeah herin is still
kind of
egg we're making it out of hold on
this is just a [__] egg dude we're
making out of the egg this
one
anyway wait that's not the right one I'm
[__] hard boiled I can't stand hard
boiled eggs of course bad's enclos
enclosed
me ruin EG that's just my word
tonight thank you for enclosing me so I
don't
[Applause]
die oh you're
whiffy why am I out here saying I like
scrambled days when I look like a
hardboiled
one ruinous egg isn't the art director
for Steven Universe we're a few layers
deep in context but I think everyone
understands thank you for the kind words
Mr
Superman thank you so much Mr Superman
holy
[__] no no [__]
wor we're poed
this is kind of a pleasant
Forest it's not Superman it's a Mr
Superman
Christ wait the acronym for Mr Superman
is mes that's
crazy there's going to be gender very
soon yeah now we have a dark oak forest
we've seen this
I just hate chopping down dark oak
without the uh tree felling
mods what Shader is this it's with the
it's I think it's with
Iris that's just the built-in one with
Iris or something Iris sodium Etc
it's dark and dank right
now okay we've reached the ocean I think
is this the
ocean ocean
right let's
see technically we could let's create
the Panama now everything is going to go
correctly because of
that surely nothing can go
wrong hi
OT I use you on every song
Ott is look so [__]
good it's funny cuz I've used I used a
lot of traditional mixing techniques for
monarch cuz it's like less electronic
and much more like about being like rock
and other stuff but I still used OT on
some things like it's just kind of
useful no matter what you're
doing especially if you use it in
parallel and like really gently
sometimes like it just has such a great
frequency
response and I like what it does to the
phases
sometimes it rotates the the low the low
band really nicely which it just that
contextualizes it better with stuff
sometimes thank you so much
OT
where weird ass map
luckily Ott is something you can explain
even to people who don't know much about
music OT is basically you just put it on
the sound and it squishes it it makes it
it makes it
squishier it makes it
beefier should I do an example should I
should I demonstrate ogt to the to the
any
ones baddy stand your ground I need to
show everyone Ott you're going to do
fine in the ocean are you
ready
good
okay
um please please please please please
please work sometimes sometimes I have
to restart my computer for my keyboard
to work oh thank
God
uh nice okay
[Music]
okay this is a normal sending drum
set and uh I'm going to use the ablon
version because that's the one I use but
there is a plug-in version which you can
use outside of Ableton
if you put OT on something it does
[Music]
this it just squishes it now the way
you're supposed to use it is not use it
in it's like 100% squished mode so you
can use it to
like you basically start it out on the
most intense setting and then dial it
back until it sounds
cool okay so now I'm going to turn it
off and on so you can hear what it's
doing starting in off
and then
on it's not appropriate for everything
obviously it's a very intense sound but
if used in a in like even small bits it
can help you get something to be louder
and more present without doing too much
cuz there's a difference between just
turning up the volume of something and
then mixing it to be louder
um there we go I'm bat
backing okay
um when mixing music and you want to
balance stuff you can't just like turn
things up and down in
volume usually it's like a balance of
mixing things so that they're louder or
quieter contextually
without like clipping or having like
volume problems and Ott tends to even
out the signals frequencies so
that even just applying it a little bit
can let you turn it up louder without
having as many problems as you would
without using it
so now OT is like basically a shortcut
and I think people should know how to
mix things properly first but once you
know how to mix things properly Ott can
be just a really nice tool
it's a very modern thing like last 10
years sort of
sound wow this this this ocean is uh
something I'm just going in a straight
line land ho
where have we
arrived lto that's what the Pirates
say when they spot land it's a land hole
right bruh 21 what the dog doing now
Adam B
oh iron
sword why didn't I
prepare wait a minute
whoa big ass Mountain
M big ass spooky ass
Mountain I know Steve dudo is behind OT
but was dead mouse
too this could be where an ancient city
is
yeah I picked the wrong time to not have
a
sword hold on
Daddy I'm going to attempt to tpe back
momentarily it
worked damn hold I'm just getting a
sword and then I'll be right back
I guess I'll make a diamond sword it's
just like I don't have an enchantment
table right now
but I don't have the levels for it
anyway
but oh I move that over
here okay
nice we're ready to
go get your boat oh thank
you I want to see if there's a cave to
be entered
here what does the map
say maybe around the side here
there is definitely a cave under here
surely
huh a curious
entrance that's
water okay
oh
yeah coal my beloved
did that just do the Hunger Games Motif
I don't even know why I would know that
I don't give a [__] about Hunger
[Applause]
Games where are you
buddy you're you hoed above and crunch
the cheese they would the
same what
whoa
whoa big ass
crater
B big ass
crater all right let's let's be careful
around here like not having low food
dude dude give it
up the green one is here like the green
one is dead as
hell iph found
go so much coal it's going to smell so
good okay let's get on down
there and see what there is to
say get the [__] get the [__] get the
[__] get the [__] get the [__] thank you
iph found
go dude what are
you
silly are you
okay that zombie had to think about it
for a
second axes are better for killing
creepers actually sorry you're
right I just kind of don't think about
it I mean once you have like a looting
sword not really not really does can
axes have looting I don't remember I
think they can
actually oh that's why they can have
looting I'm like
yeah cuz they most certainly can right
why this one goes very
deep this one goes
very Oh I thought I saw a structure
that's deep
dark but do it ancient city
okay the time has come to be
careful very very careful let's take
this
out oh that's going to alert the skull
oh I see a shrier down there do I have a
hoe with
me oh what a nice sound
oh
good oh really really
good I don't want to die bro
okay so
far no ancient
city there are a lot of shriekers on
this one though
the spy glasses make activate the shers
right surely they
do oh I really should have [__]
brought a hoe with me
well at least this is the first
substantial deep dark we've
found but aside from that this is uh it
is a very interesting looking
one what does the map say
h i don't have -4
there should be no
other skull for this shriker so I think
I can do
this
nice it's so pretty though I will
say the shaders on this make it look
even more
ethereal okay well I can't mind the
shriekers here because there's two of
them one's going to
receive I know you can use wool to
diffuse this diffuse the
sound from the
shers [__]
I think I'm
[__] okay may as well run
around amethyst
area this is
nice oh that's really nice
iPhone go
here's what all the shaders yeah
so the shaders make it look like this
I think they're just the default Iris
shaders I
think skeleton this is not the time
buddy
I see the
emeralds that was really scary
where's the
guy it's purring that's really nice
so curious about
this watch this sh
[__] never
mind my love is a quick
scope oh man
could craft a ho with those diamonds do
I have sticks
though oh I did I have the
resources look at
me I did something
right now we're well
equipped I love just always finding ink
socks it's like [__] again dude
are you for Reales on
Reales what the
[__] are you
moronic are you in need of
help
okay so even though we do have a
hoe the shers are sort of groups
together holy [__] there's a lot of this
I'm going to ask a dangerous
question does the spy glass activate
this yes
okay I know wooden hoes exhaust
okay they are far
enough
nice a bucket to slow them does
water make
skull activate slower
I have string too
huh I
forgot oh okay
understood I don't see any shers
here I need my iPhone
germa this place is crazy this is a very
interesting
one this doesn't go anywhere I don't
think dude get a
home get your own
cave it's not a big
deal
okay that is an interesting formation of
that glow dust
stuff
okay there just there's so much here
there has to
be uh an ancient city right there's so
much I don't
know it just feels like there's so many
places it could spawn such a big
mountain but perhaps I am mistaken
at least they're
pretty okay shrier
here no shut
up everything's good
[Applause]
gravel please don't be my
enemy gravel please gravel please gravel
please oh
diamonds
wait there's two of them
it
burrowed guys is this a ruinous
situation V I think it would be a
terrible time to TP I'm going to be
honest with you
you don't you don't want to be
here 2v2 even the odds
um you know
what I think I'll just end this the
stream on a
cliffhanger thanks for coming
guys we'll see you next time
time and find
out do I
live
um wait wait a minute no
wait I'll show the
video let me just find
it is that
it sure it's not this one it's the other
one I feel like everyone's seen it
already but it's beautiful oh maybe it
was that
one oh no here it is
[Music]
than
that's it's really
nice are we're playing this one again
too be honest guys did I just become the
next the Kanye
West here's my impression of a pirate or
me matey walk the plank here's my
impression of a pilot I am going to land
This
Plane here's my impression of a baseball
player Flack home run here's my
impression of a robber give me all the
money I have a gun here's my impression
of my haters
get it cuz the haters can't say [__]
here's my impression of the mayor I make
the law I am the mayor here's my
impression of a skater I'd love to
skateboard I'm going to hit a trick
here's my impression of a
[Music]
baby it's really good wait
wait wait now we can now we can share
this now we can share this one
fatty someone in patreon made this
one it's Canon
now we got
it I think the person who made it was in
chat room
like flutter Lina
perhaps it's all
Canon it's great
okay last
one last one before we go
you
megalopolis wait one more
[Music]
wait and then add oh do three three
before it
[Music]
what
no no
[Music]
I
add add lossy sure
[Music]
he
what
[Music]
he
Trixie we appreciate what what you do as
I
create the loudest sound you've ever
heard in your life
[Music]
oh
are you thinking is's an OT yeah
same maybe a few of
them you're so right the gusher
wa where's the
[Music]
gesser wait
what
what what happened
oh I removed the
instrument what's
happening please tell me I'd save that
okay wait
[Music]
let me just export this and put it in my
folder really quickly and then I'll
gusher it and then I'll go to
bed this is my life
samples
and noise
sure it's called Ott
forever and now I can
put the gusher on it
and now I have
these saved here
d
[Music]
okay I'm sorry wait
hold
[Music]
on e
y
[Music]
holy [__] what
d
[Applause]
[Music]
d
a
he
[Music]
d
look
[Music]
he
wait would it be tight if we did like
it it
I called it scroll's evil lair
hold on what if we what if I just change
these
[Music]
he
I feel like if this had like a Reverb
automation that would be some cool
[Music]
okay
cool I guess that's how we end
stream I I'll I'll put that up on
patreon for fun scrollby is evil
there anyway have a good night everyone
thanks for
joining I'm going to turn into a
car which is good
I think that's a good thing